DOCS-981 - Notification about TAXII 2 (#5555)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/security/threat-intelligence/notice-about-taxii2.md

Our investigation determined that a processing error in certain non-hash IOCs led to a breakdown in the normalization process, preventing these critical data types from appearing correctly in customer environments.

If your environment relies on TAXII 2.0-based Threat Intelligence feeds, you may have experienced the following:
* Missing URL, domain, and email IOCs in your threat feeds
* Incomplete detection logic, resulting in gaps in dashboards, threat hunting, and alerting mechanisms that depend on these data types

Our engineering team has traced the issue to a normalization defect in the data processing pipeline, occurring after collection but prior to feed availability.

A fix has been developed and is scheduled for deployment on July 9, 2025. There is no action you or your team needs to take in order to correct this.

## Important to note

* Sumo Logic-provided threat feeds, including CrowdStrike and Intel 471, are not affected.
* Customer-configured feeds using other protocols, such as TAXII 1.0, are also unaffected.

> * Historical signals will not be retroactively generated. Customers can expect to receive an influx of signals related to the previously missing IOCs from the moment the fix is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Historical signals will not be retroactively generated. New signals based on previously missing IOCs will begin appearing once the fix is deployed.
```

## Resolution plan

To mitigate the risk of future issues, we are implementing the following changes:
* Expanded automated and manual test coverage across all supported threat feed protocols.
* Strengthened validation and normalization processes across the pipeline.

> * Continuous monitoring and alerting enhancements to detect processing anomalies earlier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Continuous monitoring and alerting enhancements to detect processing anomalies earlier.
```
